---
layout: post
title:  "Finding new hope"
date:   2021-03-24 19:41
categories: reflective
---

This is a whole jumble of thoughts but I really wanted to get this out as
a letter to me in the future. I know there are times that I will have my ups
and my downs, but the most important things are for me to keep hope. I was
reading through a letter I wrote to myself around half a year ago and I can't
believe that of the 5 things I couldn't imagine myself developing, I have
already ventured into 4 of them. I mention this because as future problems
arrive and show me new situations I have never been in before, I actually think
it's one of the biggest blessings I could ask for. Every day, I will have a new
opportunity to improve and make a bigger development than I did yesterday.

Right now, there are a couple of things left I really want to cross off the
bucket list and with some new hope I didn't have before, I am gonna spit my
game. I say that in face of new adversity because I now realize that I am truly glad that I was really ambitious in the
past with what I wanted to achieve, and although this is the present, the
spirit of trying everything the soul feels is right is incredibly important.
Being able to go all in is one of the things that helps me sleep better and
although there is still the risk of failure for the new things I would try,
I would like to die trying. There is a pain of just changing who you are just
to fit in, and I know right now I just want to go all in.

"Might fail still expect me to try" Believe in me
