---
layout: post
title: Quotes 2022
date: 2022-05-12
---

Anyone that's been on FaceTime with me this past year knows I keep a wall of
quotes on the back of my dorm (they're the post-it notes in this [example](../assets/airdraw/eraser.gif)). 
Most are of the quotes are from rappers, some are from business leaderes
I admire, all of them serve the purpose of inspiring me whenever I look back at
my wall.

I made the stupid move of NOT keeping them with me when I was moving out of my
dorm, so I'm writing up some of the ones I can remember, and will
probably just write up new quotes here from now on.

With all being said, enjoy!

* "When was the last time anyone told you how important you are? 
  Did you know that our people stood on auction blocks and were sold, just so you could be alive today?" - 
    Maya Angelou with [Tupac](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVVA_siR-xg).
* "Right now you are the new. But not too long from now, you will grow old and
  be cleared away. Your life is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's
  life" - Steve Jobs
* "You never know who's swimming naked until the tide goes out" - Warren Buffett
* "It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently." - Warren Buffett
* "People get so caught up in the fact that they have limits that they rarely
 exert the effort required to get close to them" - James Clear, Atomic Habits
 Chapter 18
* "No matter what you're into, No matter what you've been through, I feel like
 I've got tell you you got something to contribute" - Nipsey Hussle, 'Face the world'
* "If mind can conceive it and my heart can believe it, then I can achieve it!" - Muhammad Ali
* "Even with a sky full of locusts, if you're a non-believer, then you're
  hopeless" - Devin the Dude, 'Organic Chances'
* "When them gates close, keep an open mind. It ain't no force in this world
  like a focused drive, you got to focus on yourself like an only child" - Nipsey Hussle, 'Down as
 a Great'
* "Legends aren't defined by their successes, they're defined by how they
  bounce back from their failures" - Chris Bosh on Kobe Bryant
* "The best times start from crisis, people change fast like lightning" - P-Lo
* "Gotta take some chances, nothing beats failure but one more try." - Berner,
 'OTW'
* "Work Hard, Have fun, Make History" - Jeff Bezos
* "If you’re going through hell, keep going. Why would you stop in hell?" - Steve Harvey (Originally quote from Winston Churchill)
* "When you talk, you are only repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new." - Dalai Lama

[* "" - ]: #
